TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] add annotations
- [x] expr 1 - $i1 to ==0
- [x] do not use message as store, use int etc.
- [x] ~~latency based on filtered articulations?~~
- [x] cleanup js
- [x] ~~order by category?~~
- [x] color/icon articulations by category?
- [x] Abbr.
  - [x] Staccatissimo Muted  Staccatissimo Mut
  - [x] Hotrods Hits Damped  Hotrods Hits Damp
  - [x] Long Rolls Hotrods   Long Rolls Hotrods
  - [x] Hits Super Damped    Hits Super Damped
  - [x] Bisbigliando Trem    Bisbigliando Trem
- [x] colorized doc update
- [x] link to used delay sheet, doc attached articulations
- [x] remove debug js
- [x] release
- [x] reset empty track popup
- [x] save edited delays
- [x] fix popup on empty track not empty
- [x] check multiple libraries
- [x] support multiple libraries
- [x] fix file saving
- [x] make fncs private foo.local = 1
- [x] restore all tabs on save
- [x] ~~update disabled border for: save, key, track~~
- [ ] "Unable to add v8ui!" during freeze save
- [ ] update overview and device screenshot

Commit message:

fix popup content with collapsed group of tracks

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] add annotations
- [x] expr 1 - $i1 to ==0
- [x] do not use message as store, use int etc.
- [x] ~~latency based on filtered articulations?~~
- [x] cleanup js
- [x] ~~order by category?~~
- [x] color/icon articulations by category?
- [x] Abbr.
  - [x] Staccatissimo Muted  Staccatissimo Mut
  - [x] Hotrods Hits Damped  Hotrods Hits Damp
  - [x] Long Rolls Hotrods   Long Rolls Hotrods
  - [x] Hits Super Damped    Hits Super Damped
  - [x] Bisbigliando Trem    Bisbigliando Trem
- [x] colorized doc update
- [x] link to used delay sheet, doc attached articulations
- [x] remove debug js
- [x] release
- [x] reset empty track popup
- [x] save edited delays
- [x] fix popup on empty track not empty
- [x] check multiple libraries
- [x] support multiple libraries
- [x] fix file saving
- [x] make fncs private foo.local = 1
- [x] restore all tabs on save
- [x] ~~update disabled border for: save, key, track~~
- [x] fix popup content with collapsed group of tracks
- [ ] "Unable to add v8ui!" during freeze save
- [ ] update overview and device screenshot
